Eyetracking
eyetracking
Applied Linguistics
applied linguistics
Natural language processing 
natural language processing 
NLP
Cognitive science
Computational linguistics
Empirical research
â€‹audiovisual translation
captions
CASMACAT
cognitive effort
comprehensibility
computer-aided translation
conceptual encoding
corpus
corpora
CRITT
effectiveness
efficiency
encoding
error analysis
eyetracking systems
conceptual encoding
procedual encoding
impact captions
information acquisition
integrated titles
interactive post-editing
interlingual subtitles
interpretive resemblance
intralingual subtitles
intralingual translation
keylogging
machine translation
narration
nominalisation
monolingual post-editing
procedual encoding
processing effort
reading process
reading corpora
relevance theory
research behavior
satisfaction
screen recording
split attention
subtitling
text quality
target text quality
translation process
usability
usability lab
usability laboratory
visual attention
attention split
visual attention
impact caption
caption impact
reading corpora
encoding 
post-editing 
interactive post-editing 
monolingual post-editing 
subtitles
interlingual subtitles
intralingual subtitles
audiovisual translation
computer-aided translation
intralingual translation
machine  translation